<ui:composition template="../WEB-INF/templates/layout.xhtml"
	xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui">
	
	<ui:define name="content">
	
	<script>
		$(document).ready(function() {

			$(function() {
				$('#accordion > li').hover(function() {
					var $this = $(this);
					$this.stop().animate({
						'width' : '480px'
					}, 500);
				}, function() {
					var $this = $(this);
					$this.stop().animate({
						'width' : '78px'
					}, 1000);
				});
			});

		});
	</script>
	
	<!-- Accordion Start -->
	<div id="accContent">
		<ul class="accordion" id="accordion">
			<li class="bg3">
				<div class="heading">Line Charts</div>
				<div class="bgDescription"></div>
				<div class="description">
					<!-- <h2 class="downHeading">Line Charts</h2> -->
					<p>A line chart or line graph is a type of chart which displays
						information as a series of data points called 'markers' connected
						by straight line segments. It is a basic type of chart common in
						many fields. It is similar to a scatter plot except that the
						measurement points are ordered (typically by their x-axis value)
						and joined with straight line segments. Line Charts show how a
						particular data changes at equal intervals of time (time series).</p>
					<a href="#">more</a>
				</div>
			</li>
			<li class="bg2">
				<div class="heading">Excel Reports</div>
				<div class="bgDescription"></div>
				<div class="description">
					<!-- <h2 class="downHeading">Excel Reports</h2> -->
					<p>Excel is a spreadsheet application developed by Microsoft
						for Microsoft Windows and Mac OS. It features calculation,
						graphing tools, pivot tables, and a macro programming language
						called Visual Basic for Applications. It has been a very widely
						applied spreadsheet for these platforms, especially since version
						5 in 1993, and it has replaced Lotus 1-2-3 as the industry
						standard for spreadsheets.</p>
					<a href="#">more</a>
				</div>

			</li>
			<li class="bg4">
				<div class="heading">Pie Charts</div>
				<div class="bgDescription"></div>
				<div class="description">
					<!-- <h2 class="downHeading">Pie Charts</h2> -->
					<p>A pie chart (or a circle chart) is a circular statistical
						graphic, which is divided into sectors to illustrate numerical
						proportion. In a pie chart, the arc length of each sector (and
						consequently its central angle and area), is proportional to the
						quantity it represents. Pie charts are very widely used in the
						business world and the mass media.</p>
					<a href="#">more</a>
				</div>
			</li>
			<li class="bg1">
				<div class="bgDescription"></div>
				<div class="heading">Bar Charts</div>
				<div class="description">
					<!-- <h2 class="downHeading">Bar Charts</h2> -->
					<p>A bar chart or bar graph is a chart with rectangular bars
						with lengths proportional to the values that they represent. The
						bars can be plotted vertically or horizontally. A vertical bar
						chart is sometimes called a column bar chart. A bar graph is a
						chart that uses either horizontal or vertical bars to show
						comparisons among categories. One axis of the chart shows the
						specific categories being compared, and the other axis represents
						a discrete value.</p>
					<a href="#">more</a>
				</div>
			</li>
		</ul>
	</div>
	
	</ui:define>

</ui:composition>